Add RFCS (#4099)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/rfcs/0036-rust-to-js-number-conversion-in-the-bindings.md

# Proper Rust <-> Javascript number conversion in the bindings

From [ISSUE-3941](https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/issues/3941)

> Currently we only support `i32` type as lower common denominator for number.

Reviewer: This is wrong, we also support `u32`

Author: Does this please you ?

```suggestion
Currently we only support `i32` & `u32` types as lower common denominator for number.
```

Reviewer: Yes
